I made a Pokémon quiz where each answer
is weird and unpredictable so which of
these YouTubers will take home the win
okay we have riddles what's missing
who's that Pokémon poke fusions crime
and what are they doing so Peter you're
up first I got to know what's missing
what's
missing is it the children nothing
important oh I mean I'll give it to you
because this is actually mouse hole not
it's the children okay Chef you're up
next let's do poke Fusions for two what
combines to make
looks to me like Eevee and Gastly that
is incorrect Pat oh wait no no Gastly
and uh Flareon good guess but that is
also not correct Umbreon and Muk e this
is Eevee and a
brick Oh it's one of these I forgot I
forgot how that's how you get a ghost i
e for no particular reason uh crime for
six what crime did mimik you commit ooh
well clearly that cloth it's wearing is
stolen thevery uh that is not correct
I would go with impersonation but I
think it's public indecency because when
it lifts up its robe people
die and that is indecent while I'm
really tempted to say fraud I think
literally because it does kill people
murder y he probably does all of this
but he was charged for double identity
theft because that's actually a ditto no
it's actually a ditto of course it is of
course it was so simple what are they
doing for one what is she doing uh she
pins her chin does she bch your chin
beautiful oh I forgot this is a Pokémon
quiz we're all thinking about murder and
then it's just like oh Grandma's here
let's go who's that Pokémon for one our
favorite category who's that Pokemon I
can't go with the obvious answer is it a
spiky Dawn fan it is not uh by the looks
of those little things coming out of it
it looks like cricet Ton's little hands
so it's a cricet ton that's been rolled
into a ball that' be put on like a
Sherie board yeah that was hideous it's
a set of winter tires that you got the
chains on for good traction I can't
afford winter tires I just slide around
this is a scared macargo oh my go stop
what's he scared of the economy he
scared of me coming with no winter tires
Shannon sliding towards him all right
all right let's let's go back poke
Fusions for three what combines to make
this I mean to go with the obvious
answer maybe some kind of lony fusion
maybe like a lopy and uh oh is there a
camera
Pokémon one that takes pictures
wonderful wait smeagle fun and smaggle
the arst I wish I thought of that it's
not oh guard of war and
fenin oh my goodness that's the that's
the child is his fenin the child one
tell Fox is what you're thinking about
oh no oh no I sound like a weirdo
Vaporeon and the internet all great
answers but these are two volt orb it's
balls say you made one slightly bigger
one
smaller boy that riddles category looks
pretty lonely let's go riddles for two
which Pokémon has an upand cominging rap
career DJ Jazzy Jigglypuff solid no I
think the first Pokemon that learns rap
in gen one was Atkins cuz it's a snake
oh I wish I could give you points for
that it's a young goose oh young goose
uh let's go what's missing for three
what's missing the mother yes his mother
come on why' you have to do that to us
that's so sad I don't want those points
let's go a little bit lighter on the
crime for one what crime did obson
commit the crime of making sick beats
which apparently is a crime now while
I'm really tempted to say impersonating
JoJo siwa I'm going to go with I'm going
to go with obstruction obstruction of
justice oh what's missing what's missing
hope I'm going to give it to you his
will to live I was going to say to live
godamn
it let's go who's that Pokemon for three
who's that Pokémon is it a jol tick in
the shape of a tyos swine that is 173
jolic so so I'm going to give you out of
here I'm going to give you one out of
173 points for that it's pyo jolic p it
was way too fuzzy it's all that static
electricity making the hair stand on end
all right Pat let's see if you can get
on the board am I oh am I not on the
board yet well you've been all over the
board don't worry I'll take care of this
uh what are they doing for three what is
he doing oh he's landing on us Lander
I'm sorry that was so
I I don't know if there's a verb to Dera
uh but he's duraladon
dadon dadon thank you that's what I was
swinging for exactly that's smart but
it's not true well this is not right but
it's all I can think of with Dawn's name
necros Dawn
Wings The Shield Dawn oh sheld Dawn it's
time for Crime two what crime did Gango
commit oh I I was going to go for public
in decency again cuz he's only wearing a
belt and no pants but there's a pun in
here somewhere
um wait he's made out of noodles right
no it's got to be
nudity honestly I think that's better
than my answer but I can't give you
points for it well you could this is
your show he stole the golden surfboard
he rides on that's what he did I'm going
to give you half points for that cuz he
committed Grand Larsen okay Grand cuz
he's Pokemon a th and larsy cuz you know
he steals gim G coins oh let's go back
to poke Fusions for one what combines to
make this a needo queen and a ditto that
is not correct Pat a Neo king and a
Neato Arena cuz the queen can't breed I
don't think that is also not correct I'm
going to go with um you used an action
replay to get this one it is uh born of
no parents it's a needle King and ditto
because neena and needle Queen can't
breed uh let's go riddles for one
riddles for one what comes after Pikachu
so many things this is a this is a grand
question you think about life yeah call
me
Raichu is it sandre it is not s true
jail wait cuz if you Pikachu then you go
to jail right through jail right away
all right well I'm going to go with uh
Missing no that is not correct I feel
like this one is trying to trick us is
it Raichu Team Rocket goes after
Pikachu crime for what what crime did
Kangaskhan baby commit I can't even come
up with a pun I did he like defecate in
the pouch or something oh my goodness uh
no I hope not oh what's the term for it
squatting that's really good more like
it Kangas can't commit any crimes
because it's too young to be tried or
convicted of any oh I didn't think about
that it's arson cuz he Aron oh okay
who's that Pokemon for five who's that
Pokemon is it a trubbish tilted on its
what is that the Z axis uh not quite
that is uh a whisper that's been run
over by a car I think I'm going to give
ship one point it's trouish after
garbage day so he's empty he empty but
they still keep the bag for some reason
yeah that's where the that's where the
Pokemon soul is because it's a sentient
creature and it would be immoral to
throw it out I guess you know let's just
go a little crazy with it let's go let's
go Pokemon Fusions for six what happens
by combining every Pokémon you get the
biggest multimedia franchise on the
planet not correct damn it yeah my
answer was going to be like $80 billion
or whatever the franchise is worth well
combining every Pokémon you get the
Pokedex you're so right that's smart but
H you can't because no game has them
you're so wrong that's smart but I'm an
idiot and it was not the answer riddles
three I see now that the circumstances
of one's birth are irrelevant who said
that you just said it yeah you got me
you
D oh what are they doing for five what
are they doing oh seis toad damn it yeah
they size my to oh my God that's so old
uh let's do crime for five I just love
crime that what crime did rev room
commit rev room what have you been up to
his face says it all vehicular
manslaughter in a spare time probably
but he did not get convicted for it oh
man is it just theft just a steel
Pokemon uh no pollution he uh parked in
front of a fire hydrant how dare he
that's ridiculous so irresponsible I'm
going to do the crime to end all crimes
number three please what crime did
thievil commit thievil is wearing a mask
and his mustache is in his mouth I think
he's trying to impersonate someone
clearly this is a crime of fashion
because those boots are whack just what
I was thinking I mean he wouldn't steal
anything he's an upstanding citizen
obviously I I don't think he's
upstanding I think he's quad pedal he
was framed he was framed for theft
that's what happened uh no he did murder
oh all right crime is no more we did it
guys there's no more crime oh we a
that's a shame I mean yay that's really
good actually that's really invested in
the crime this is actually a sting
operation we're not going to post this
we're just going to send it to the cops
let's go riddles for six this pod-shaped
Pokémon celebrity hybrid spew
controversial opinions through their
face hole but with such a big following
they can't be taken down with just one
hit oh that's a lot to think about oh
it's a very long answer that's why it's
six points mopod
Gibson no sorry it must have sturdy uh
gigalith Smith it is Joe Rogan Rolla oh
man pod-shaped he's a podcaster
that was a really
well what are they doing for fall what
are they doing feend dity as not feity
Peter agon no sorry um that's not my
guess don't take that one if he just
purchased that then he by Barrel yeah
well he be Barrel so close enough you're
so much smaller than me what's missing
for five what is missing I swear if you
gave him hair and it's just missing in
this picture use all your electrode
knowledge another elect Ro from that
last question that we had where there
were two I'll say hair uh it's not here
he's beautiful the way he is ha the
explosion yes a nose a oh get it off the
screen now oh he looks so much better
with a nose too it looks very handsome
my God there's all the hair coming out
the
nose who's that Pokémon for two who's
that Pokemon I'll give you the obvious
answer charger buug that is not charger
buug it's a charger buug that's been
like went over with a nail filer so it's
a lot more smooth please don't tell me
that's ice cu's severed head oh God no
that would be under the crime category
this is Cartana
unfolded oh my God you suck can't
believe you guys didn't get that I'll
try let's try fusions again let's go
Fusions for five what combines to make
this8 spirits that is not correct damn
it that's the Pokedex centry no is it uh
a spirit and a tomb uh you know what
I'll give you the points for it at the
top of the bottom top of the bottom to
the oh yes you're absolutely killing it
oh I can finish poke Fusions for four
what happens by combining coughing and
trouish allergies I don't know a land
pill climate change you get stunky oh oh
what's missing for six what's missing
the question no yeah cuz the question's
up top darn what's what's missing uh wow
is it the quiz it's gone it's not on the
screen right now uh nope there's nothing
missing kleon is right there oh I'm
giving you half points because kleon is
there but his stripe is gone oh my god
oh wow that was really good all right
let's go what's missing for two what's
missing the other ear hole I'm pretty
sure it's still there well we don't know
that for sure right I'll lift it up oh
there it is yeah least don't tell anyone
how I live I can't believe I'm about to
say this it's butthole his butthole is
gone his dang butt hole's gone see if we
just got the we just got the back view
you just had to infer I don't want it
never mind I yeah no I I don't want want
it really glad I didn't say that for
nothing no you said it for two points
was it worth it no you know what let's
let's even up the uh what are they doing
category for six points what is he doing
okay so in French l means like there uh
he curse a he's cursing towards
there uh no snam oh my God it's snam
he's up there in the clouds yeah not in
the snow he he do he do gong he do wrong
cuz he's saying bad words to the man if
it rhunes it must be true yeah he up
snow wait I was going to say that I was
like no that doesn't make sense up on my
snow damn it he's up on my snow get down
uh let's do riddles for four which
Pokemon has the highest base stat total
I think technically it's like eternus
like it's like final form wait this is
going to sound dumb I think it's a
Pokemon with 420 base stat toll I want
to say like maybe like the midv like
reboot has 420 base stat to I'm going to
give you the points it's whacking
beautiful man those are Twigs in his
hair we're getting down there these ones
are there's a lot of tough ones left uh
let's see what are they doing for two
what are they doing Duo do meow meow
stick they're meowing on sticks I love
that answer that is really good but I'm
sorry it's not correct oh no okay I feel
like that earns points I don't know I'm
I'm almost certain that they're meing
but there's two of them so it's meww oh
my that's really good too well this one
Mew and this one Mew Too Close Pat and
Peter I'm going to give you both one
point let's go who at Pokémon for four
who at Pokémon is it like a melted
vanillish maybe like it's just like got
way too hot m not quite it it kind of
looks like a ghost so I want to see like
a a Haunter with a a dress on uh Peter
I'm going to give you half points
because this is an Al creamy left out in
the sun oh my God oh my days no no it
could also be an Al creamy left out in
the car you know I've done that you have
an Al creamy no it's that in my car
which I said earlier has no brakes just
sliding around with the H creamy let's
finish up uh what's missing wait we
already did this oh this is wait was it
five now I
probably that Pokemon for six wow are
you okay with this one instead yeah no
I'm happy with that I kind of I wouldn't
be happy with this look at it is it the
underground part of Doug Trio no it is
not it's the spirit of some worms behind
the rock they're angry that is three
ekin playing in the dirt this is a
Shuckle with roommates damn it oh no
economy got bad rent's really high now
yeah you can't get by by yourself
anymore this guy going in on the left
looks like he's coming out on the right
and he's like I hate my own
ass all right Pat your decision is made
for you oh goodness well I'd like
riddles for five please what move do you
use level 17 Zeon with an alaz you're
par oh it doesn't matter you're
paralyzed you're not going to attack
you're right alexaz paralyzed yes yes in
third place we have Pat with with 11
points Shep you have 12 and one out of
173 points oh
what what cuz of the jelic oh cuz I only
guessed one in first place we have Peter
with 29 Points wow well done
congratulations that is a runaway
Victory and you know what Peter I don't
even have a present uh prepared for you
yeah I bet you did and now because I won
you're like put that
away thank you for watching And
subscribe for more ridiculous Pokémon
videos